Using promises: add Cancellation section (and link to AbortController) (#33347)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/using_promises/index.md

However, before you compose promises sequentially, consider if it's really necessary — it's always better to run promises concurrently so that they don't unnecessarily block each other unless one promise's execution depends on another's result.

## Cancellation

> There's no way to cancel any given {{jsxref("Promise")}}, but asyncronous operations can implement "cooperative cancellation", typically using [AbortController](docs/Web/API/AbortController).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Promise` itself has no first-class protocol for cancellation, but you may be able to directly cancel the underlying asynchronous operation, typically using [`AbortController`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController).
```
